[cell phone vibrating]
- Hey. Teddi.
- There you are.
Velma was starting to worry.
Ah. reception's been spotty.
[mouthing] It's Colter.
Too spotty to return our texts?
Did you tell him about
the Cobra?
Here you go.
[Teddi] Colter.
sent you a job. Stolen car.
Looks pretty straightforward
and a big payout.
Cascade. Idaho.
Vintage Shelby Cobra.
Twenty thousand cash reward.
Oh. so you do get our texts.
You just choose not to
answer them. Good to know.
We need to know
if you're taking on a reward.
so we can pull
a background for you.
Put together the research.
Hey. Colter.
Word on the street is
Billy is circling the job.
- Great.
- Thought you might
need a little motivation.
Motivated. I'm gonna grab
a quick bite.
I should be
in Cascade by 2:30.
[man] So we're definitely not
going back to the site. right?
[man 2] No. No more jobs.
if they're not paying...
Can I get you
anything else. hon?
Just the check.
I'm sort of in a hurry.
- Oh. Work or fun?
- Work.
You know what they say
about that.
[Tozer] What the hell
is she doing?
Still handing out them flyers.
Some people just don't get
the damn memo.
Come on.
- Something wrong?
- Hope not.
I wouldn't get involved.
[Tozer] Kira. get over here!
Too late.
You need to quit with these.
You're upsetting people
with this garbage.
- She's gone.
- Is there a problem?
Mind your own business. friend.
Look. it's okay.
I don't want any trouble.
Hey! Where are you going?
Don't turn your back on me.
[Colter] Hey. man.
no need to throw things.
Told you to leave it.
Odds are.
if you were gonna pull that.
you would have done it already.
No.
That yours?
[sighs]
You shouldn't have done that.
Me and the boys will help you
put the spare on.
make sure you leave
and don't come back.
Put the knife away.
Sure thing.
[grunting] No. stop!
[Kira] Please. stop!
- [both grunting]
- No. stop!
[straining] Enough. Enough.
Enough.
- [breathing heavily]
- [Tozer coughing]
Just about ready.
Something wrong?
You've got quite an interesting
collection of scars.
Oh. yeah.
it's me and my brother.
- Dumb kid stuff. you know.
- Kid stuff?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I plead the Fifth.
Got it. Messed up childhood.
Been there. done that.
I do not like to talk about it.
Any other past medical issues.
Mr. Shaw?
It's Colter. and no.
no. healthy as a horse.
Well. it's gonna be
seven stitches.
a little bit deeper
than I expected.
Last chance to take me up
on local anesthetic.
No. No. I'm good. Thanks.
And you're one of those
'pain is good' types?
No. Not at all. It's just
when it comes to recovery.
there's a five percent gain of
function on superficial wounds
that are treated
without local anesthetic.
Or you just like pain.
- Little jab.
- Mmm-hmm.
- What do you do?
- I'm a rewardist.
What is that?
Well. when rewards are posted
for missing people or objects.
I go get them.
Oh. Well. that sounds made up.
It is not.
And you're here on a job?
I wasn't. but I'm starting
to think I might be.
Hold still. Last one.
- Okay. Yep.
- Yeah?
Speaking of which.
what do you know about her?
Um. just what everybody knows.
- Mmm-hmm.
- A bit of a nomad
traveling from town to town.
living in her van.
A little bit like you.
from the sounds of it.
Our little lake town is popular
with these van life folks.
So. Mia was here
and then she moved along.
Except her sister thinks that
something happened to her.
So Kira posts these
flyers around town.
but some folks
don't like that either.
because it gives the
impression that something bad
might have happened here.
That's not exactly the image
that you want
to give to tourists.
- and second homebuyers.
- What do you think?
I think she...
I think I would be careful
if I were you.
People don't like strangers
asking a lot of questions.
Oh. Good to know.
Uh. thank you.
You're welcome.
- Hey. Hey. Kira.
- Colter Shaw.
Are you all right?
I feel terrible that
you got hurt 'cause of me.
No. I'm fine.
That guy needed a lesson.
Not the first time.
-So it has to do with this?
- My sister?
- I'm pretty sure it does.
- [siren wails]
[Colter] Hmm.
- [Sheriff Gale] Mr. Shaw.
- Yeah.
You see the need for this
dispute to go any further?
No. No. I think we both got
our message across.
- No reason for charges.
- Good. Less paperwork for me.
So you don't get the wrong
impression of our little town.
- I had your tire repaired.
- Thank you.
I hope this didn't delay
your travels too much.
Where did you say
you were on your way to?
I didn't.
Listen. Kira.
It's been three months.
There's nothing to suggest
your sister stayed in town.
She simply moved on.
Like she tended to do.
like she did
a dozen times before.
I know that's not
what you want to hear.
but it's the truth.
I'll keep that in mind. Sheriff.
Maybe it's best
you moved on. too.
Safe travels. Mr. Shaw.
Have a wonderful day. Sheriff.
Jackass.
- Make you a cup of coffee?
- Sure.
[Colter] Careful. That's hot.
"Tucumcari."
I was there for a job once.
Missing hydrologist.
Did you find him?
The hydrologist?
I did.
Tell me about your sister.
She was a drifter.
Going from town to town.
Backcountry skiing.
rock climbing.
living out of a gross old van.
I kept telling her
to stop running.
What was she running from?
Our childhood was...
How shall I say. uh...
Intense. A mess.
We both
dealt with it differently.
I know something about that.
Go on.
She ran off and became
an adrenaline junkie.
and I went to law school.
Why are you so sure
she didn't just move on
like the sheriff said?
Well. the last time we spoke.
she said she was going to Moab.
I checked. she wasn't there.
and there was
no sign of her in between.
Nothing. This is the last
place anyone saw her.
You check her socials?
Bank cards?
It's hard for someone to just
up and disappear these days.
Yeah. Nothing.
What do you think
happened to her?
Maybe she went somewhere
she shouldn't have.
Shot her mouth off to
the wrong guy? I don't know.
Like my new friend
back at the diner?
Tom Tozer.
He seemed pretty upset
about the flyers.
Yeah. I think he knows something
about Mia's disappearance.
He and his buddies. they work
for the Winslow family.
Tell me about them.
They're trying to turn the
place into a resort town.
Lakefront developments.
vacation condos.
Can you help me?
It is what I do.
The reward is $5000.
It's not much.
I collect only in success.
I'll do everything I can
to find out what happened
to your sister.
I need you to know.
in cases like this.
because she hasn't
made contact in so long.
the odds of what I would call
a "good outcome."
they're not favorable.
You mean dead?
I've made peace with that.
If I can't have Mia back.
at least I'll have the truth.
[sighs]
Do you know where she was
last living in her van?
Yeah. This piece of land
that the Winslows own.
[cell phone vibrating]
Bobby Exley. After hours.
- What?
- Friday after 6:00.
Surge rates apply. Like Uber.
I'm a growing business. Colter.
"Beep." Means you're surging.
Mia Stine. Springland. Idaho.
Twenty-two. Sister says she's
been living out of a van.
Disappeared three months ago.
Oof. I don't like vans.
let alone live in one.
I got a Sleep Number. blackout
shades. and an ionizer.
Sleep like a king.
Looking for an '84
passenger van.
[Bobby] I see the flyer here
with the license plate number.
I just sent you a photo
of an IMEI number
off the back of a game camera.
- Take a look. will you?
- [clanging]
Something's up.
I'll call you back.
You gonna make me
come in there and get ya?
[gun cocks]
You ain't too smart. are ya?
Should've left town already.
I'd be gone
if you hadn't stabbed me.
I can do a hell of
a lot worse now.
You're trespassing
on private land.
Stand-your-ground law applies.
So the Winslows
put you in charge
of threatening anybody
who trespasses?
Like Mia Stine.
I don't know what Kira told you.
but her sister was trouble.
If you go poking around.
folks aren't going to
like that very much.
Yeah. Yeah.
I got that already.
Look. man. I just came out here
to try to get
some answers for Kira.
Okay? Now. I'm not sure
that's an offense
that merits you shooting me.
[chuckles]
What are you? Some kind of PI?
No. No. no.
I collect reward money.
Kira's offered a reward for
information about her sister.
She's been missing a few months.
You really think
you can find her?
I don't know.
What do you have against
this missing girl. anyway?
It's not just her.
it's all these van life dopes.
They park their vans.
throw a party.
make a mess on company land.
My job is to move them off.
-What did you do?
- Nothing.
Maybe we exchanged
a few words. But that's all.
So then then why get so
worked up over Kira
Look. I got a wife and kids.
How do you think
it makes them feel?
Kira's asking folks in town
if I had something to do
with her sister disappearing.
I get that.
The crazy thing is. Mia made
such a big deal about her van.
Half the time.
she wasn't even in it.
What do you mean?
I came down here a few times
to try to negotiate.
It turns out.
she wasn't sleeping there.
Where was she sleeping?
Hell if I know.
[Teddi] Hey. Colter.
- Where are you?
- Still in Springland.
I bet Velma
you'd still be there.
even though
you should be in Cascade
looking for that stolen car
with a $20.000 reward.
I need you
to look into someone for me.
It's a missing woman
by the name of Mia Stine.
Part of a van life group.
All right. Hey.
I might have something.
Rock climbing.
Oh. there's some cute
photos on this website.
I'll send them.
There is a guy with her.
-He's labeled "Gecko."
- [Teddi chuckles]
It's not "labeling."
When it's online.
they call it "tagging."
Sorry.
Hey. Velma.
where was this photo taken?
You going for a
double figure eight knot?
- Yeah.
Oh. Here you go.
- Thanks.
- Sure.
Hey. you know a climber up here.
goes by the name of Gecko?
Yeah. I know Gecko.
Right up there.
[Gecko grunts]
Thanks.
- Gecko!
- What's up?
I need to talk to you
about Mia Stine.
[Gecko clears throat]
What about?
Well. I was hoping
you'd come down.
Nah. man. You come up.
[soft rock music playing]
I know. eating alone.
Don't judge.
I do it more often
than not myself.
- How did you find me?
- Trade secret.
I need a favor.
Okay. as long as
it doesn't involve
taking out your stitches early.
No. You. uh...
You know who that is?
- It's Matt Winslow.
- Winslow.
As in. Winslow Resorts?
You think Matt Winslow
had something to do with
Mia's disappearance?
I know they were together.
In what capacity. I don't know.
Well. I know he had some
troubles over the years.
Um... Fights and shoplifting.
I think.
Um. I remember
my old boss saying
that his mom was always worried
about something or another.
and his father telling him
that he had to toughen up.
I shouldn't even be
telling you that much.
Okay. It's all right.
I can get the rest from
his criminal history.
Nope. There won't be much.
His dad employs half the town.
so charges usually get dropped.
Nobody from around here wants
to go after the Winslows.
Least of all the sheriff.
Well. it's a good thing
I'm not from around here.
Where are you from?
A place you never heard of.
Echo Ridge.
Sierra National Forest.
Oh. Sounds remote.
You could say that.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well. thanks for the info. Doc.
It's Beth.
And Colter from Echo Ridge
in the Sierra National Forest.
you owe me a drink.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
- [man on intercom] Yeah?
- My name is Colter Shaw.
I'm looking for a
Matt Winslow. aka Gecko?
Come on. Matt.
you're gonna have to
talk to me at some point.
It might as well be now.
[car engine starting]
[tires screeching]
[Colter] No. we're not
doing this again.
The disappearing?
What do you want?
Mia's sister. Kira.
she's got a few questions
about what happened
to her sister.
And I wish I knew.
If you don't know. why'd you
bail on me at the rock wall?
- [scoffs]
- Nobody in this town
seems to want to talk
about what happened to Mia.
And I really don't know
what to tell you.
Well. the truth would be nice.
She important to you?
Yeah.
- You were in a relationship?
- We were.
Look. man. I really don't
wanna talk about this.
No one does.
If you ever really
cared about her. Matt.
look. all I'm trying to do
is find out
what happened to her.
She left.
Okay? One minute.
we're talking
about hitting the road together.
next. she tells me
she wants to go it alone.
You ask her why?
She didn't give me the chance.
Just left a note.
and then poof. Ghosted me.
How did she feel
about this town?
I don't know.
I guess she kind of just
saw it for what it was.
Plus. she had a lot of opinions.
wasn't afraid to share 'em.
It was actually one of
the things I dug about her.
It didn't make her too popular
with some folks.
so she was tired of being
hassled and she skipped.
I get it.
Do you still have that note?
[Matt] I told you.
man. that's it.
It's such a Mia move.
She liked drama. Big gestures.
Fighting for what
she believed in.
[Colter] Mmm.
- Did she have a temper?
- That's one way of puttin' it.
[vehicle approaching]
Oh. Parents.
Hey. Matt.
- What's going on?
- Hey. Dad.
- Who's this?
- Name's Colter Shaw.
Ah. I've heard about you.
Mr. Shaw.
I was just asking your son here
a few questions about Mia Stine.
The girl who went missing?
Why would you be asking
our son about her?
Not a big deal. Mom.
Hung out a bit.
Hit Deaver's wall a few times.
Just casual.
Mr. Shaw. I'd advise you
to speak to Sheriff Gale.
We met.
Hmm. Then you know what
sort of crowd she ran with.
I just wanted see
if Matt knew anything
about her disappearance.
Ah.
He obviously doesn't.
Look. as I'm sure
Sheriff Gale told you.
the sister's just trying
to cause trouble.
Thanks for the info. Matt.
Anything we can give Colter
on Matt Winslow?
Actually. I had my friend Lou
run a background check.
Lou from the pet shelter?
He does background checks
for adoptions.
Great. Is Matt Winslow
a worthy pet foster candidate?
That. I can't say.
He's had a few minor arrests.
However. I checked
the local court dockets.
Winslow Resorts has been
involved in a lot of lawsuits.
What kind of suits?
That I can't tell.
The complaints aren't online.
[Teddi] Hmm.
But I do know a legal genius
that we could send
to the county courthouse.
assuming she's in the area.
that is.
Reenie Greene.
You read my mind.
- But Colter...
- Can swallow his pride
and trust me.
Hmm.
[Colter] Matt Winslow's been
holding onto that letter
for months.
She mention anything about him?
- No.
- No?
This is a page
from her climbing journal.
but that is not her handwriting.
Let's take a look.
No. it's not.
[cell phone vibrating]
Bobby. Good news?
I think I found Mia's van.
Now you're speaking
my language. Where?
Turns out the ID on that
game camera you snagged.
not the only one.
Winslows have them networked
all over their properties.
I got a decent look
at the perimeter.
but I think I got her van going
to one of the
Winslow's properties
right around the time
of her disappearance.
The funny thing is.
it never came back out.
Sending you the location now.
- Nice work.
- It was actually kind of fun.
The cams use what we call
IoT connectivity tech.
You tap into the matrix. which
not everybody can handle.
let alone navigate.
You know. one of these days.
I'm gonna lay
the observer effect on you.
- Can't wait.
- We're livin' in
a simulation. C.
Better get used to it now.
I. uh. gotta go.
Gotta go. Bobby.
Mia's van was found
on Winslow family land.
- Let's get you home.
- No. I'm coming.
I can tell you immediately
if it's her van or her body.
There's no talking you
out of this. is there?
No.
Okay.
All right. The van entered
from here. which means...
- What is it?
- Stay close. They got cameras.
[Kira] Okay.
[Colter] That's it.
Can you do this?
Yeah. I'm good.
Looks like
it's been here a while.
[Kira]
That's definitely her van.
- [gunshot]
- Get down! Get down!
Breathe. Look at me.
Just breathe.
[Kira] Oh. my God.
- We're going to run for it.
- What? Are you crazy?
Odds are f they wanted to
kill us. we'd be dead already.
- How do you know that?
- Trust me.
- See that shed?
- [Kira] Yeah.
Great. That's where
we're going.
- On three.
- Okay.
One. two. three. Let's go.
- [GUNSHOT]
- Run! Run. run. run!
[Kira shrieks]
- [Colter] Come on.
- [gasps] My arm.
I got you. Come on.
[groans]
[Colter] You okay?
It's not bad.
- There we go. Come on.
- Okay.
We're good.
We weren't followed.
Who the hell is shooting at us?
Someone doesn't want us
looking into
your sister's disappearance.
Loosen that for me. will you?
Let me see the cut.
Mia. The van.
Hold that corner.
All right. you can move
that now.
[sniffles]
When I saw the van.
part of me was still
holding on to hope.
I loved my sister.
but I never told her.
All I did was tell her
that she was wasting her life.
She shouldn't run
from her problems.
I know that kind of regret.
Does it ever go away?
No.
But you learn to keep it
with you as a reminder
of what that person
meant to you.
Good. bad.
It... It doesn't matter.
They helped make you.
I like that.
All right. Uh...
While I do that.
you're gonna see a doctor
about that cut. okay?
Okay.
Around here. landowners are
within their rights
to shoot at trespassers.
Right over here.
What the hell?
Don't know what kind of game
you're playing at. Mr. Shaw.
- Somebody moved it.
- Maybe Bigfoot moved it.
Somebody shot at us
to scare us off.
Like I said. seeing as how
you were trespassing.
you're lucky the Winslows
don't press charges.
Now you're gonna
get back in your truck
and you're gonna
leave this town.
You did your best for that girl.
but her sister is long gone.
And I expect you to be
long gone. too.
[line ringing]
[Bobby] Dude. it's the middle
of the night.
You think I work
all the damn time?
- I'm sorry. You're sleeping?
- I'm at work.
Are you still hooked up to
that network of game cameras?
The ones that found
the van for us?
- I can be.
- Good.
I need you to find out
who moved it.
Bobby. I got to go.
[Reenie gasps]
Really. Colter?
Put that thing away.
Reenie. what the hell?
A man dumb enough to hide a key
in the same place
for three years
shouldn't even be allowed
to carry one of those.
You know.
it takes most people days
to get this much information.
so you're lucky
that I was close by.
I trust that Teddi
explained to you
that I was already in the area.
taking a deposition
on another case.
You know. the kind that
pays me what I'm worth.
- I appreciate you. Reenie.
- Appreciate and admire?
- What is all this?
- [chuckles]
All right. This is about
two dozen lawsuits.
Some settled. some active.
Someone told you how everyone's
scared of the Winslows. right?
- Yeah.
- The Winslows sue people.
For trespassing. for property
damage. breach of contract.
- You name it.
- Okay. So?
So. this one's different.
For once. it's the Winslows
getting sued.
A case brought by
Nathaniel Orcutt.
They wanted to buy
his lakefront parcel.
He said no.
Then crazy coincidence.
his barn burns down.
The county declined
to bring charges.
So Mr. Orcutt
sued the Winslow family
for civil harassment
and property damages.
- Did he win?
- Didn't get the chance.
Three weeks after filing suit.
Mr. Orcutt died.
Huh. No cause of death.
No. there is not.
And look here.
Orcutt's lawyer was required
to disclose the witnesses
he intended to call.
Anything look familiar?
Mia Stine was gonna testify
against the Winslows?
That's what we call
circumstantial evidence.
- [cell phone chimes]
- We're gonna need more.
Something from Bobby.
Will this work?
- [Reenie] Hmm.
- Yeah? All right.
All right.
Wait. Where are you going?
To have another conversation
with Matt Winslow.
Not without your lawyer.
[soft music playing]
You again.
- And who the hell is this?
- I'm a lawyer.
People usually
pay me for counsel.
but I'll give you
this one for free.
You're screwed.
Dude. I told you
everything I know.
No. I don't think that you did.
Mia Stine never left this town.
That's not true.
- I found her van.
- On a Winslow property.
You didn't know. did you?
Mia was preparing to testify
against your father's company.
- I can't talk about this.
- Why not?
Hmm?
[Matt grunts softly]
Matt. I'm gonna really
need you to concentrate here.
It's over.
If you ever cared about Mia.
you tell the truth now.
Do right by her.
- I told her I...
- You told her. told her what?
Told her what your father
was up to?
Intimidating landowners.
burning down buildings.
snatching up land
for his lakefront empire.
Yeah. And I couldn't
stand it anymore.
I wanted her to see
that I wasn't like him.
And why is that?
You were helping your family
do these things?
Mia found out.
asked you to say something.
Take a stand.
She just wouldn't drop it.
It's my fault. isn't it?
Shouldn't have said anything.
I should have just lied to her.
[sighs] You burned down
Nathaniel Orcutt's place?
No. I didn't.
But I was there
when it happened.
and I knew it was wrong.
Who did it?
Come on. Matt.
Give me a name.
Tony. Works for my parents.
Driver. Does other things.
You told Mia this?
I loved her.
I told her that we could
get out of here together.
just hit the road. just be
done with all of this crap.
Oh. but let me guess.
She went and told
Mr. Orcutt instead.
She promised to him
that she would testify
to everything that she knew.
and she wanted me
to do the same.
Me? I was too scared
of my dad.
Mia wasn't scared. though.
She was never scared
of anything.
And that's it?
That's what happened?
She just all of a sudden.
out of the blue.
broke up with you?
- You believe that?
- It's what happened.
I think she was disgusted
that I wouldn't
stand up to them.
so she bailed.
Oh. come on. man.
you're smarter than that.
Somebody else wrote the note.
- [Matt chuckles] No.
- [Colter] No?
No. No. my dad
wouldn't do that.
My dad wouldn't have
gotten her killed.
No? All right. well.
Yeah. take a look at that.
What does that look like. huh?
Because to me. that looks like
Tony in the woods.
moving Mia's van.
Why is he doing that?
There you go. Run away.
Hide behind your parents
like you have your whole life.
That's great. The only problem
with that. Matt.
is that sick feeling
in your gut right now?
That's not going anywhere.
Not until the truth comes out.
Tony.
I thought Sheriff Gale
told you to leave town.
Yeah. he did.
but I couldn't leave
without finishing the job.
Not sure what you're trying
to pull here. Shaw.
What is this. Matt?
I'll take care of it. Charlotte.
Tony. if you wouldn't mind
escorting these folks
off our property
- while I call the sheriff.
- Oh. I already called him.
Matt. get over here now!
- Let him go.
- Tony. right?
You should've killed me
at the van. Tony.
What was the plan?
To scare us off?
Get rid of the van?
Have the sheriff
chase us out of town?
I've no idea
what you're talking about.
The van. Tony.
The one you just removed
from the property.
- Did you kill Mia. huh? Why?
- Easy. easy.
That's enough.
- [Tony grunts]
- Get outta here.
What did you tell him to do?
No one killed Mia.
All we did was firmly request
that she move along.
Yeah. but she never
moved along. did she?
That's enough. Shaw.
You had Mia killed
because she found out
what your boys did
to Mr. Orcutt.
That's after they
burned down his barn.
She was a witness.
She could have brought down
your whole situation.
so you couldn't let her live.
Is this is some kind of joke?
All we did was get her
to leave town.
- Right. honey?
- Yes.
But again.
she didn't leave. did she?
I have no idea what she did.
So her van just magically
appeared on your property?
You're lying. Both of you.
He's not.
Mom?
[Eric] Charlotte.
what did you do?
You owe your son the truth.
You couldn't have him
running off with Mia.
Not after she found out
what your family
does to people
that get in the way.
So what?
You just got rid of her.
And you lied to your son.
I was only trying to tell him.
warn him what she was going
to do if she kept talking.
So you got Tony to make sure
she couldn't talk.
- Why?
- Don't say anything.
Mom?
This girl wouldn't stop.
She wouldn't leave.
I tried and tried to make
her see. but she wouldn't.
So you killed her.
[siren wailing]
- [cell phone vibrating]
- Hey. Teddi.
- What the hell is that sound?
- [Teddi] It's a pottery wheel.
which I'm trying. so Velma
will leave me alone
and we can return it.
[chuckles] What's next?
Well. we're looking
into a few things.
Up in Bozeman.
there's a teenage runaway.
Hey. Teddi. give the man a rest.
Oh. that's Reenie.
I should probably say bye.
Yeah. you should.
Hey. By the way.
I'll be filing a civil suit
on behalf of Nathaniel
Orcutt's next of kin.
So you could
help me out with that.
Sure. Sure.
Good job on this.
Mia's body was recovered
on one of the Winslows'
other properties.
I owe you one.
I'll add it to your
very long tab.
[mouthing] Okay.
Oh. almost forgot.
I got a weird call.
Some guy Russell?
Says he knows you.
I have no idea why he called me
or how he even got my number.
- but...
- Block the number.
You can't just
tell me to do that
because you forget
I have skills.
I'm nosy.
So better you tell me now
who this is.
And don't say a telemarketer.
Russell is my brother.
We haven't spoken in 20 years.
And?
He killed our father.
and then he disappeared.
Wow. Okay.
- Nothing.
- Nothing? He's calling me.
Reenie. block the number.
If you need my help. just ask.
No. it's something
I gotta do on my own.
Okay.
[Reenie sighs]
Gotta go.
Yeah.
♪ Eyes like mirrors is
capturing a willing soul  ♪
♪ What is that darkness in you
Is it in me too?  ♪
♪ Stay with me now
I hold. I hold you  ♪
♪ Walking in and out...  ♪
Thank you.
What are you gonna do
with Mia's van?
I don't know yet.
I think you should fix it up.
Maybe I will.
♪ I can see you're coming  ♪
♪ I can feel the wait
I can feel the wait...  ♪
Thank you for helping me
find her.
There's a million things
I wish I could say to her.
There always is.
♪ I can see you're coming  ♪
♪ I can feel the wait
I can feel the wait  ♪
♪ I can feel the wait  ♪
♪ I can see the signs  ♪
♪ I can see you're coming  ♪
♪ I can feel the wait
I can feel the wait  ♪
♪ I can feel the wait  ♪